website_product_filters/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Website Product Filters
=======================

This App allows you to filter by more criterias in
the webstore instead of only product categories, it
features:
- Filter by category attributes
- Filter by category brands

Extras:
-------
- Breadcrumb
- Sort by name
- Sort by customer Rating
- Sort by hottest
- Sort by price
- Sort byPopularity
- Collapse long lists of filters
- Filters by more than one element of the same type.

Requirements:
-------------
- Go to https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce and download repo in order to install website_product_brand module.

Contributors
------------

* Oscar Alcala <oscar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://www.vauxoo.com/logo.png
   :alt: Vauxoo
   :target: https://vauxoo.com

This module is maintained by Vauxoo.

a latinamerican company that provides training, coaching,
development and implementation of enterprise management
sytems and bases its entire operation strategy in the use
of Open Source Software and its main product is odoo.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://www.vauxoo.com.

Commit message:

[FIX] brands and price ranges are now available on the filters even when there are no attributes to filter with, both now are independent

website_product_filters/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Website Product Filters
=======================

This App allows you to filter by more criterias in
the webstore instead of only product categories, it
features:
- Filter by category attributes
- Filter by category brands
- Filter by price range

The filters will be visible only when you land in a last level category
(a category that has no sub cateories).
The attributes shown which you can filter with are the ones that were found
on the belonging products to the last level category.

Extras:
-------
- Breadcrumb
- Sort by name
- Sort by customer Rating
- Sort by hottest
- Sort by price
- Sort byPopularity
- Collapse long lists of filters
- Filters by more than one element of the same type.

Requirements:
-------------
- Go to https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce and download repo in order to install website_product_brand module.

Contributors
------------

* Oscar Alcala <oscar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://www.vauxoo.com/logo.png
   :alt: Vauxoo
   :target: https://vauxoo.com

This module is maintained by Vauxoo.

a latinamerican company that provides training, coaching,
development and implementation of enterprise management
sytems and bases its entire operation strategy in the use
of Open Source Software and its main product is odoo.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://www.vauxoo.com.
